I'm confessing… Admit to you being smart
I admit you tried to put the poison and make the medicine out of it.
Chris ... Chris, you've taken the devil's role
And the devil owned you and you embraced him with all containment
Your criticism is probably difficult for the public, and you call it is a sleight of hand and you call it ...
no no no, there is something wrong
i swear it's a trick
no no no, how it's just a trick? you are a up normal man ..
i swear it's a trick ...
hey, people    It's all a gift and an art
art called the art of deception, not magic.
I raise the hat for that justification
But maybe from my point of view and the views of many people you are Magician
And not only a magician, you are also bold and libertine
And one of the greatest things that you got yourself into is that you raise the dead with a pigeon
And you told the people this is not magic this is a sleight of hand
Today I'm going to a birdseller ...
and I'll have a pigeon that shows she's dead.
But this head is made of plastic.
Let's see how he reacts when I ask him for treatment.
I want a cure for this pigeon.
There's no cure for this condition.
Do you have the cure?
Can you do a medical check-up on her?
rest in peace (RIP)
there is no a cure for her ... she is dead
come in here beside me
there is no a cure ???? yeah
you said there is no a cure
come closer
what is that ?
i have a lot of dead pigeons inside ,  Stored in the fridge
it is just a trick, it was a plastic head
she woke up well right ?
- Did you slaughter her a long time ago?
- yeah for a long time ago
so you said that you have alot of dead pigeons inside? i can't do that, it's all just a trick
thank's for watching, and remember that my goal to make you happy
and for sure I hid the pigeon's head somehow.
The easiest thing for you is to poison the honey ...
you eat it to people as honey, but it's deadly for the minds
so We can say, that you are...
(Jesus the Messenger of modern era)
Under the provisions that you are a Christian man ...
is it appropriate for you as a Christian to take the role of Our Lord Jesus Christ
and if Our Prophet Jesus lived and saw you doing this
he would say to you that you are a devout Christian or are you the good son ?
Don't laugh at people
If you sold yourself to the devil and the devil was your god ... so, Don't make the Devil a god of people either.
Do what you want... worship the devil to do all what you want,
charming the eyes of the people, charm their vision and making a Simiyya,  and in the end you say this is a sleight of hand
Enough to mislead ... are you afraid of legal accountability?
afraid that you will confess to people that you worship the devil ? do not do.
Be a man and tell people that this is magic and that you are a magician
and scored in the law and say I sold God and bought the devil
Be careful with the devil he is Exposed and Libertine
He has boldly in exposing things to himself.
So  be on your boyfriend's religion, Don't decorate the picture.
Don't frame the religion and you're against it.
Or between honesty and you are a liar
You lie to people all the time and say I am not a magician this is a sleight of hand
Mercy to us,  so have mercy on our children, have mercy on our religion, have mercy on our society from putting religion in everything
If WE take the opinion of a priest he will tell you that you are a magician and if WE take the opinion of sheikh he will tell you that you are a magician also
Even if there is a magician who worships satan, Does he will doing good?  for sure not
There is no devil doing good
You say there is Ramadan (Holy month for Muslims)  I make charity with money
Charity to people with t-shirts , make a lantern for Ramadan,   You mix things up.
Of course there is no devil doing good
How does he fly like that?
We saw you standing on the air.
There was a ladder, but you were standing on the air.
I'm Chris Masri.
Ramadan Karim and
on the occasion of Ramadan
I thought of a new idea.
To put a ladder and put a lantern Ramadan
And anyone who passes, I'm going to throw a ladder on the floor.
Let's see how they react when they see me standing in the air.
Let's roll
Now I have a gift with a t-shirt.
And I'm going to convince anyone that he's the magician and that he'll know how to get a T-shirt.
Go back to yourself.  Repentance to God... Admit it
Life is short and fame is mortal.
And many people like you a million times and a million times better than you
and they were more famous than you  and they're in the dirt.
I wonder where they are. God knows,
I don't know.
You are the one who will admit
I am motivated not by you or i advise you I am motivated
by our society about our children for a whole generation
Mercy to us,
we are an Arabian Muslim Christian society
We are one fabric, a fabric that cant be in it, a worn-out piece
Either it is removed or changed or the dress will be imbecable
and there are many holes in it
You and Azzam and everyone who's Chris and Azzam.
Last speech ...
The right of reply is guaranteed
and I call for your audience of minds not people who are happy to eat beans
Bye